The Kobold Campgrounds     by Duridian, Elder Wizard
----------------------
 
The kobold campgrounds are a newbie/low-level area consisting
of nearly 60 rooms.  This area is the first of several small
areas that will be attached to one another.  The campgrounds
consist of a cluster of rooms in the southwest that house the
kobold families, planting fields to the north of those tents,
a trail that winds through the grounds, soldier tents in the
eastern part of the area, and finally, a circle of tents with
a larger tent (that can be entered) in the northeasternmost
section.  It is in this tent where the kobold chieftain and
his guards live.  There are a few spell casters in the area,
including the chieftain himself.  I included a few nasty
little tricks.  For instance, if a kobold is attacked and a
guard is present, the guard attacks the attacker, and will
follow the attacker if he tries to flee.  If a kobold is
attacked in the chieftain's presence, he either casts a *6
fireball or a *6 lightning bolt at the attacker.  I have not
coded a quest for this area as of yet, but I plan to do so
when I code another area.  This will allow me to connect the
areas together with a story line of some kind.  The area has
about a dozen and a half different monsters and around 20
different weapons and armors to go along.  The next area I
will code will probably consist of a dwarven military base
that will lie to the north of the kobolds.  A possible quest
would involve raiding the kobold area and performing some
sort of task for an important dwarven npc.  I anticipate that
the dwarf area will be a bit larger and quite a bit harder
that the kobold area.  The kobold rooms also have different
descriptions for day and night, since almost the entire area
is outdoors.
 
   -Duridian 5/19/96
